Update configure-azure-elastic-san.md (#121966)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-vmware/configure-azure-elastic-san.md

To delete the Elastic SAN-based datastore, use the following steps from the Azure portal.

> 1. From the left navigation in your Azure VMware Solution private cloud, select Storage, then **Datastore list**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. From the left navigation in your Azure VMware Solution private cloud, select **Storage**, then **Datastore list**.
```

> 1. On the far right you is an **ellipsis**, select **Delete** to disconnect the datastore from the Cluster(s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On the far right is an **ellipsis**. Select **Delete** to disconnect the datastore from the Cluster(s).
```

> :::image type="content" source="media/configure-azure-elastic-san/elastic-san-datastore-list-ellipsis-removal.png" alt-text="Screenshot showing ESAN volume removal." border="false"lightbox="media/configure-azure-elastic-san/elastic-san-datastore-list-ellipsis-removal.png":::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :::image type="content" source="media/configure-azure-elastic-san/elastic-san-datastore-list-ellipsis-removal.png" alt-text="Screenshot showing Elastic SAN volume removal." border="false"lightbox="media/configure-azure-elastic-san/elastic-san-datastore-list-ellipsis-removal.png":::
```

   
1. Optionally you can delete the volume you previously created in your Elastic SAN.
	> [!NOTE]

> 	> This operation can not be completed if virtual machines, or virtual disks reside on an ESAN VMFS Datastore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	> This operation can't be completed if virtual machines or virtual disks reside on an Elastic SAN VMFS Datastore.
```
